FEAT: Added convenience modules to create and execute workflows (#487)
ansys/pyoptislang: doc/source/api/design_study.rst

Design study
============

> Main classes responsible for workflow creation and execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main classes responsible for design study creation and execution.
```
